now Solomon made a treaty with Pharaoh
now Solomon made a treaty with Pharaoh king of Egypt and married Pharaoh's
king of Egypt and married Pharaoh's
king of Egypt and married Pharaoh's daughter then he brought her to the City
daughter then he brought her to the City
daughter then he brought her to the City of David until he had finished building
of David until he had finished building
of David until he had finished building his own house and the house of the Lord
his own house and the house of the Lord
his own house and the house of the Lord and the wall all around Jerusalem
and the wall all around Jerusalem
and the wall all around Jerusalem meanwhile the people sacrificed at the
meanwhile the people sacrificed at the
meanwhile the people sacrificed at the high places because there was no house
high places because there was no house
high places because there was no house built for the name of the Lord until
built for the name of the Lord until
built for the name of the Lord until those days and Solomon loved the Lord
those days and Solomon loved the Lord
those days and Solomon loved the Lord walking in the statutes of his father
walking in the statutes of his father
walking in the statutes of his father David except that he sacrificed and
David except that he sacrificed and
David except that he sacrificed and burned incense of the high places now
burned incense of the high places now
burned incense of the high places now the King went to Gibeon to sacrifice
the King went to Gibeon to sacrifice
the King went to Gibeon to sacrifice there for that was the great high place
there for that was the great high place
there for that was the great high place Solomon offered a thousand burnt
Solomon offered a thousand burnt
Solomon offered a thousand burnt offerings on that altar at Gibeon the
offerings on that altar at Gibeon the
offerings on that altar at Gibeon the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream by
Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream by
Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream by night and God said ask what shall I give
night and God said ask what shall I give
night and God said ask what shall I give you you have shown great mercy to your
you you have shown great mercy to your
you you have shown great mercy to your servant David my father because he
servant David my father because he
servant David my father because he walked before you in truth in
walked before you in truth in
walked before you in truth in righteousness and in uprightness of
righteousness and in uprightness of
righteousness and in uprightness of heart with you
heart with you
heart with you you have continued this great kindness
you have continued this great kindness
you have continued this great kindness for him and you have given him a son to
for him and you have given him a son to
for him and you have given him a son to sit on his throne as it is this day now
sit on his throne as it is this day now
sit on his throne as it is this day now o Lord my God you have made your servant
o Lord my God you have made your servant
o Lord my God you have made your servant King instead of my father David but I am
King instead of my father David but I am
King instead of my father David but I am a little child I do not know how to go
a little child I do not know how to go
a little child I do not know how to go out or come in and your servant is in
out or come in and your servant is in
out or come in and your servant is in the midst of your people whom you have
the midst of your people whom you have
the midst of your people whom you have chosen a great people too numerous to be
chosen a great people too numerous to be
chosen a great people too numerous to be numbered or counted therefore give to
numbered or counted therefore give to
numbered or counted therefore give to your servant an understanding heart to
your servant an understanding heart to
your servant an understanding heart to judge your people that I may discern
judge your people that I may discern
judge your people that I may discern between good and evil for who is able to
between good and evil for who is able to
between good and evil for who is able to judge this great people of yours the
judge this great people of yours the
judge this great people of yours the speech pleased the Lord that Solomon had
speech pleased the Lord that Solomon had
speech pleased the Lord that Solomon had asked this thing because you have asked
asked this thing because you have asked
asked this thing because you have asked this thing and have not asked long life
this thing and have not asked long life
this thing and have not asked long life for yourself nor have asked riches for
for yourself nor have asked riches for
for yourself nor have asked riches for yourself nor have asked the life of your
yourself nor have asked the life of your
yourself nor have asked the life of your enemies but have asked for yourself
enemies but have asked for yourself
enemies but have asked for yourself understanding to discern justice behold
understanding to discern justice behold
understanding to discern justice behold I have done according to your words see
I have done according to your words see
I have done according to your words see I have given you a wise and
I have given you a wise and
I have given you a wise and understanding heart so that there has
understanding heart so that there has
understanding heart so that there has not been anyone like you before you nor
not been anyone like you before you nor
not been anyone like you before you nor shall any like you arise after you and I
shall any like you arise after you and I
shall any like you arise after you and I have also given you what you have not
have also given you what you have not
have also given you what you have not asked both riches and honour so that
asked both riches and honour so that
asked both riches and honour so that there shall not be anyone like you among
there shall not be anyone like you among
there shall not be anyone like you among the kings all your days so if you walk
the kings all your days so if you walk
the kings all your days so if you walk in my ways to keep my statutes and my
in my ways to keep my statutes and my
in my ways to keep my statutes and my Commandments as your father David walked
Commandments as your father David walked
Commandments as your father David walked then I will lengthen your days
when Solomon awoke and indeed it had
when Solomon awoke and indeed it had been a dream and he came to Jerusalem
been a dream and he came to Jerusalem
been a dream and he came to Jerusalem and stood before the Ark of the Covenant
and stood before the Ark of the Covenant
and stood before the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord offered our burnt offerings
of the Lord offered our burnt offerings
of the Lord offered our burnt offerings offered peace offerings and made a feast
offered peace offerings and made a feast
offered peace offerings and made a feast for all his servants now to women who
for all his servants now to women who
for all his servants now to women who were harlots came to the King and stood
were harlots came to the King and stood
were harlots came to the King and stood before him his woman and I dwell in the
before him his woman and I dwell in the
before him his woman and I dwell in the same house and I gave birth while she
same house and I gave birth while she
same house and I gave birth while she was in the house that it happened the
was in the house that it happened the
was in the house that it happened the third day after I had given birth that
third day after I had given birth that
third day after I had given birth that this woman also gave birth and we were
this woman also gave birth and we were
this woman also gave birth and we were together no one was with us in the house
together no one was with us in the house
together no one was with us in the house except the two of us in the house and
except the two of us in the house and
except the two of us in the house and [Music]
[Music]
[Music] this woman son died in the night because
this woman son died in the night because
this woman son died in the night because she lay on him
she lay on him
she lay on him so she arose in the middle of the night
so she arose in the middle of the night
so she arose in the middle of the night and hook my son from my side well your
and hook my son from my side well your
and hook my son from my side well your maidservant slept and laid him in her
maidservant slept and laid him in her
maidservant slept and laid him in her bosom and laid her dead child in my
bosom and laid her dead child in my
bosom and laid her dead child in my bosom
and when I rose in the morning to nurse
and when I rose in the morning to nurse my son this was
did
did but when I had examined him in the
but when I had examined him in the
but when I had examined him in the morning indeed he was not my son whom I
morning indeed he was not my son whom I
morning indeed he was not my son whom I had born oh but the living one is my son
had born oh but the living one is my son
had born oh but the living one is my son and the dead one is your son
and the dead one is your son
and the dead one is your son [Music]
[Music]
[Music] but the dead one is your son everyone is
but the dead one is your son everyone is
but the dead one is your son everyone is my son Russ Facebook before the king and
my son Russ Facebook before the king and
my son Russ Facebook before the king and the King said the one says this is my
the King said the one says this is my
the King said the one says this is my son who lives and your son is the dead
son who lives and your son is the dead
son who lives and your son is the dead one and the other says no but your son
one and the other says no but your son
one and the other says no but your son is the dead one and my son is the living
is the dead one and my son is the living
is the dead one and my son is the living one bring me a sword so they brought a
one bring me a sword so they brought a
one bring me a sword so they brought a sword before the king
sword before the king
sword before the king divided the living child in two and give
divided the living child in two and give
divided the living child in two and give half to one and half to the other when
half to one and half to the other when
half to one and half to the other when the woman whose son was living spoke to
the woman whose son was living spoke to
the woman whose son was living spoke to the king for she yearned with compassion
the king for she yearned with compassion
the king for she yearned with compassion for her son give her the living child
for her son give her the living child
for her son give her the living child and by no means kill him let him be
and by no means kill him let him be
and by no means kill him let him be neither mine nor yours but divided him
neither mine nor yours but divided him
neither mine nor yours but divided him so the king answered give the first
so the king answered give the first
so the king answered give the first woman the living child and by no means
woman the living child and by no means
woman the living child and by no means kill him
kill him
kill him she is his mother
she is his mother
she is his mother and all israel heard of the judgment
and all israel heard of the judgment
and all israel heard of the judgment which the king had rendered and they
which the king had rendered and they
which the king had rendered and they feared the king for they saw that the
feared the king for they saw that the
feared the king for they saw that the wisdom of God was in him to administer
wisdom of God was in him to administer
wisdom of God was in him to administer justice
justice
justice [Music]